good what do you think of the confederations
Mexico must reach where Mexico should
to aspire to be a semi-finalist
who knows how to aspire to be semifinal are
according to the commentators that
they defend the process and they defend the
syntax not take're asking
What do you call me?
Mexico arrives a great effort
deliver why
it was not what he said today he did not say
final but final semifinal first
then one gives it to those desires
it has to cost a ceiling not to leave
nothing
Sarcastic ec and state days must
get mexico to the semifinal final
gustavo coasts that I agree with louis
mexico being among the first
four according to the group in which you are going
to be I think it would be a good
paper
according to me I agree in
that has to be between the four
first
abraham hello that such a good night like
they are talking about it seriously speaking as
corresponds
no no no it matter
and we clarified at that time oriented
by the toilet
and in the boss class, as you do not like me
your side on the other hand by god we think
we've expected that but there's nothing
of that the old one was a simple
I had to behave well in the governorate
if they did not take me out
the program
he left as captain and they had
Mrs. portfolio was good
[Laughs]
[Applause]
[Music]
hello rafa
go until you score a goal like this
vacillating greeting gladly
they will first select you
I congratulate you for your courage now it is not
easy to tell your boss that you do not like her
the company is the door
the door open from 1000 in there
go with the order back to me
you are talking
finally mexico should be me what I said
several days that we touched on the subject of
gerardo and you got scared
I said it today also in the afternoon that
we started to analyze this matter I think
that the objective that corresponded to a
as bold as the games
london olympics when it was said that
you had to be a medalist was
gamble her to be a finalist mexico would have
to put the best you have for this
tournament and send a very clear message to
world that you can make a glass of
football brasil-2014 extraordinary I them
I ask all of you who have so
good memory in what place it was
finally the selection of the USA in
the last confederations cup the
South Africa
Secondly
animation broke radios to usa
then in terms of messi and to us no
achieved because Mexico can not achieve it
Of course I think the fear of recognizing
that in your power point sheet or I do not know
what program would have used that
héctor gónzález iñárritu because for the
objectives of the year we will already be seeing
it is not manufactured with this we
We have lived with this issue since
dawned practically the day puts that
is a mexico finalist of the cup
confederations then it comes like that to
nuance the matter and so not it not
finalist to say being a semifinalist
well I am them
and the journalists who are aligned
towards that eye towards that sea to fifa the
final phase of the world cup we are
how brave is journalist without
names and surnames and embarking
making me and approaching now I was
Luis Titles
you are saying it was in the
meeting
hamburger
being serious in this topic
and they see what it said
chirinos we can not go on the
finalists situation as I said
router mediocrely as governor the
heron in the olympic games ' past
finalist is the one who arrives inside the
first 20 are those are antics are
stupidity is demagoguery that is to be
well and try to defend your chamba as
politician here are not politicians here are
men with a lot of vision that today or in the
national team from Hector el Chepo
and all his technical staff then that
it costs to put the reality that
they think semifinalist nothing happens
then leave nothing to the imagination of
demons like us that if
we are thinking about seeing things
negative
I see final
and me the football to be finalist in arriving
to the final
is an example last year they said
win medals
warns 3 third parties
does not say in the first place of the
play off
absolute lack of commitment without a
Rafa pause because we visit is now
we have to charge double then
we have to have double sponsorships
perfect